Add additional multiple data provider guidance to docs (#1707)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/source/roles/system_manager/manage_data.md

- The data provider should now be able to upload data by following {ref}`these instructions <process_data_ingress>`
- You can validate successful data ingress by logging into the SRD for the SRE and checking the `/data` volume, where you should be able to view the data that the data provider has uploaded

(roles_system_manager_multiple_providers)=

## Multiple data providers

In some projects, there may be more than one data provider responsible for uploading data. Two potential issues that may occur are _name clashes_ and _data leakage_.

If all data providers are uploading to the same storage container, then name clashes may occur. There is no protection against overwriting files during upload.

> Thus, if that different data providers upload files with the same name, then the earlier upload will be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, if more than one data provider uploads files with the same path, then the earlier upload will be overwritten.
```

> This can be avoided by providing each data provider with their own subfolder on the storage container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be avoided by providing each data provider with their own subfolder on the storage container and ensuring that each uploads only to their subfolder.
```
